In the previous scenario,
only two things could have gone wrong.
Either their certificate authority signature on the certificate turns out to be invalid,
or the server wasn't able to communicate after switching to symmetric encryption.
In reality, there's a whole lot more that can go wrong.
Certificates have an expiration date so they can go bad.
They prescribe the set of hash and symmetric encryption functions they support,
some of which have been proved to be weak over the years.
Sometimes the certificate is valid,
but the rest of the server setup is not.
A great site to see how the browser behaves when
the TLS connection has some issues is badssl.com.
Badssl has its own valid certificate,
but it also has intentionally invalid certificates and
invalid setups so we can see what the browser does in different situations.
Let's check out Sha1-2016.
Oh no, we've lost our green lock.
Clicking this icon, gives us more information about the connection.
Clicking this link, gives us specific details about the certificate being used.
For this quiz, I want you to use the badssl website to
figure out which setups cause Chrome to deny access to the website.
Will it happen with an expired certificate?
What about a certificate from another host?
Does mixed content cause Chrome to deny access to the site? What about a-